# DiSco-ALICE Matrices

This is an adapted version of the DESIGMA [(Becker et al., 2014)](#References) that was used for the DiSco-ALICE study [(Hofer et al., in preparation)](#References). It consists of 12 figural matrices items that are presented in order of increasing difficulty. The web app was written in a way that it could be displayed optimally on the iPads used in the current study.

## Technical Details

This matrices test was developed as web app and has no special requirements apart from a modern web browser. Results are saved in a MySQL table.

In this test version, there are three person identifiers:

1. Participant.VPCode is randomly generated whenever the page is loaded and is used to communicate with the backend.
2. Participant.persCode is entered on the first page or via the URL Parameter ?persCode=%enterPersCodeHere%. This value should be generated by the test supervisor.
3. Participant.nickName is entered on the first page or via the URL Parameter ?nickName=%enterNickNameHere%. This value can be generated by the testee.

Please take note that special characters need to be encoded by encodeURIComponent() prior to entering them into the adress bar. E.g., ?persCode=MrSmith is fine but ?persCode Mr#Smith will result in only the first two characters being recognized. If 2. and 3. are provided via the URL, the first page asking for the codes will be skipped.

### Dependencies

- [JQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery)
- [Meekro](https://github.com/SergeyTsalkov/meekrodb)

### Installation

1. All files apart from `.gitignore`, `README.md`, and `php/config.template.php` must be copied to the webserver
2. `setup.sql` must be executed to create the database for data colletion
3. Copy `php/config.template.php` to `php/config.php`
4. In `php/config.php` the credentials (host, user, and password) must be changed

## References

Backer, N. & Spinath, F.M. (2014). _DESIGMA - Advanced_ [Measurement instrument]. Hogrefe.
